Pipeline's UUID and info added to graphql cookbook (#2236)
buildkite/docs: pages/apis/graphql/graphql_cookbook.md

}
```

> ### Get a pipeline's UUID

Reviewer: I think it would be good to frame this heading more around the task rather than the answer. It looks like the question came from someone wanting a way to refer to pipelines that won't change over time. Perhaps:

```suggestion
### Get a pipeline's persistent identifier
```

What do you think? I feel like there might be a better term. I like "permanent" more than persistent but it looks like [persistent identifiers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persistent_identifier) are a thing. I also thought of "fixed" but don't want to cause any confusion with fixing a failing pipeline.

Author: Hmm, I do really like the idea. I think the problem is that it is a UUID (universal unique identifier) which denotes it's uniqueness as an identifier.

What if instead, we used the wording "Get a pipeline's persistent UUID"

Reviewer: 👍🏻 I'm good with that

Author: Updated with new commit! :D

> Get a pipeline's UUID by searching for it in the API. Search term can match a pipeline slug.
> 
> _Note: Pipeline slugs are modifiable and can change_

Reviewer: I think we should pull out some more context from the forum post. Maybe:

```suggestion
While a pipeline's name and slug can change over time, its UUID is permanent. Use the UUID when you need a way to reference a pipeline that won't change.
```

### Get a pipeline's information

> You can get more specific pipeline information for each of your pipelines. You can retrieve information for each build, jobs, and any other information listed on [this](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/graphql/schemas/object/pipeline) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get specific information about your pipelines, including details of each build, job, and anything from the [Pipeline object](/docs/apis/graphql/schemas/object/pipeline).
```
